这章同时参见Hbase官方教程
https://hbase.apache.org/book.html#datamodel 

Data Model
In HBase, data is stored in tables, which have rows and columns. This is a terminology overlap with relational databases (RDBMSs), 
but this is not a helpful analogy. Instead, it can be helpful to think of an HBase table as a multi-dimensional map.

HBase Data Model Terminology
Table
An HBase table consists of multiple rows.
表就是有多行

Row
A row in HBase consists of a row key and one or more columns with values associated with them. 
Rows are sorted alphabetically by the row key as they are stored. For this reason, the design of the row key is very important. 
The goal is to store data in such a way that related rows are near each other. A common row key pattern is a website domain. 
If your row keys are domains, you should probably store them in reverse (org.apache.www, org.apache.mail, org.apache.jira). 
This way, all of the Apache domains are near each other in the table, rather than being spread out based on the first letter of the subdomain.
行是根据rowkey的字母顺序来存储的。
rowkey的设计一般使用反写的domain名字。
这样存储的时候，同一个domain的值会挨得更近。

Column
A column in HBase consists of a column family and a column qualifier, which are delimited by a : (colon) character.
一列：列家族:列标识

Column Family
Column families physically colocate a set of columns and their values, often for performance reasons. 
Each column family has a set of storage properties, such as whether its values should be cached in memory, 
how its data is compressed or its row keys are encoded, and others. 
Each row in a table has the same column families, though a given row might not store anything in a given column family.
列家族的属性，其他的行和列没有属性。那些属性书列家族。

Column Qualifier
A column qualifier is added to a column family to provide the index for a given piece of data. 
Given a column family content, a column qualifier might be content:html, and another might be content:pdf. 
Though column families are fixed at table creation, column qualifiers are mutable and may differ greatly between rows.
列标识

Cell
A cell is a combination of row, column family, and column qualifier, and contains a value and a timestamp, 
which represents the value’s version.
单元格：这个是excel里边的概念，难道excel也是一个No-SQL架构？


Timestamp
A timestamp is written alongside each value, and is the identifier for a given version of a value. 
By default, the timestamp represents the time on the RegionServer when the data was written, 
but you can specify a different timestamp value when you put data into the cell.
timestamp 是用来标识version的？
所以HBASE的HMaster和HRegion直接的clock必须syncup？
为了保值时间可以作为唯一标识吗？

参见图1
参见图2

HBASE这类数据库里的值很容易转换为Json
NoSQL里边的东西存的很容易面向对象。
参见HBase-1.
参见HBase-2.
参见HBase-3.

